In this lesson we are going to consume all questions
API  endpoint and use it in this questions page
component.
We already have the UI for displaying all questions
in blade file so we can easily bring the mark up
from there and put them in our questions page component.
All right let's go to our terminal
and here I'll
create a new branch to isolate all changes today.
Now let's run laravel mix by saying NPM run watch
firstly let's pull open the js bootstrap dot
js
and here right after this line let's add window
axios defaults base URL equals http
colon localhost eight thousand api
So here we set the base URL to localhost eight thousand api.
By doing this way every time we call our API endpoint
somewhere in our components we don't need to
call the full URL.
All we have to do is call the rest of the endpoint.
For example let's say we want to consume all questions
endpoint which is localhost eight thousand api
questions.
Now here we can simply call axios get questions
so I hope that will make sense to you. But this code
probably work only in our development in production
the base URL no longer pointed to localhost right?
So how can we do that?
Well that's very easy actually.
Here we can add before this static URL let's say window
urls
api then we will add double pipes.
This means if window dot URLs dot api empty
or undefined then this static URL is going to be
used as axios base URL
Now let's pull spa.blade.php
and here after window auth let's define window
dot urls. Now the reason why I call it you URLs
instead of API URL is because I might define other
URL not just for API so window URLs equals
and instead of calling json encode
actually since laravel version 5. 5 we can
also use json blade directive like so
posse in an array and inside here
let's add the api and the value will be taken from url api
Let's also change this json encode
to json and remove this let's also move this
in here
then rename to login
so here because we move this and changed
to login let's open router index dot js
and change this to window Urls login.
Alrihg
let several all changes
back to our browser and reload.
Let me hit this log in. OK
It's still working.
All right
So now that we have our API base URL set up.
Now let's working on questions page component.